Describe Docker Desktop workarounds for Windows and Mac OS (#494)
eclipse/kuksa.val: doc/quickstart.md

## Reading and Writing VSS data with code

> Most likely, to get productive with KUKSA.val you want to interact with it programmatically. Here is you you do it with our Python library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most likely you want to get productive with KUKSA.val in a developing way. The approach would then be to use our Python library.
```

Author: I tried rewording this
